README.md, before:

# dom

simulates the html dom (proxtx/html)

# Currently wip

Dom.getElementById<br />
Dom.getElementsByClassName<br />
Dom.body<br />
Dom.createElement<br />
Dom.createTextNode<br />
Dom.documentElement<br />
<br />
Element.innerText<br />
Element.innerHTML<br />
Element.style.\*<br />
Element.appendChild<br />
Element.children<br />

# Future Plans:

## Property / Method Description

~~document.activeElement Returns the currently focused element in the document~~<br />
~~document.addEventListener() Attaches an event handler to the document~~<br />

## document.adoptNode() Adopts a node from another document<br />

## document.anchors Returns a collection of all a elements in the document that have a name attribute<br />

## document.applets Returns a collection of all applet elements in the document<br />

~~document.baseURI Returns the absolute base URI of a document~~<br />

## document.body Sets or returns the document's body (the body element)<br />

~~document.close() Closes the output stream previously opened with document.open()~~<br />
~~document.cookie Returns all name/value pairs of cookies in the document~~<br />

## document.createAttribute() Creates an attribute node<br />

~~document.createComment() Creates a Comment node with the specified text~~<br />

## document.createDocumentFragment() Creates an empty DocumentFragment node<br />

## document.createElement() Creates an Element node<br />

## document.createTextNode() Creates a Text node<br />

~~document.doctype Returns the Document Type Declaration associated with the document~~<br />

## document.documentElement Returns the Document Element of the document (the html element)<br />

~~document.documentMode Returns the mode used by the browser to render the document~~<br />
~~document.documentURI Sets or returns the location of the document~~<br />
~~document.domain Returns the domain name of the server that loaded the document~~<br />
~~document.domConfig Obsolete. Returns the DOM configuration of the document~~<br />

## document.embeds Returns a collection of all embed elements the document<br />

## document.forms Returns a collection of all form elements in the document<br />

## document.getElementById() Returns the element that has the ID attribute with the specified value<br />

## document.getElementsByClassName() Returns a NodeList containing all elements with the specified class name<br />

## document.getElementsByName() Returns a NodeList containing all elements with a specified name<br />

## document.getElementsByTagName() Returns a NodeList containing all elements with the specified tag name<br />

~~document.hasFocus() Returns a Boolean value indicating whether the document has focus~~<br />

## document.head Returns the head element of the document<br />

## document.images Returns a collection of all img elements in the document<br />

~~document.implementation Returns the DOMImplementation object that handles this document~~<br />

## document.importNode() Imports a node from another document<br />

## document.inputEncoding Returns the encoding, character set, used for the document<br />

~~document.lastModified Returns the date and time the document was last modified~~<br />

## document.links Returns a collection of all a and area elements in the document that have a href attribute<br />

## document.normalize() Removes empty Text nodes, and joins adjacent nodes<br />

## document.normalizeDocument() Removes empty Text nodes, and joins adjacent nodes<br />

~~document.open() Opens an HTML output stream to collect output from document.write()~~<br />
~~document.querySelector() Returns the first element that matches a specified CSS selector(s) in the document~~<br />
~~document.querySelectorAll() Returns a static NodeList containing all elements that matches a specified CSS selector(s) in the document~~<br />
~~document.readyState Returns the (loading) status of the document~~<br />
~~document.referrer Returns the URL of the document that loaded the current document~~<br />
~~document.removeEventListener() Removes an event handler from the document (that has been attached with the addEventListener() method)~~<br />

## document.renameNode() Renames the specified node<br />

## document.scripts Returns a collection of script elements in the document<br />

~~document.strictErrorChecking Sets or returns whether error-checking is enforced or not~~<br />

## document.title Sets or returns the title of the document<br />

~~document.URL Returns the full URL of the HTML document~~<br />

## document.write() Writes HTML expressions or JavaScript code to a document<br />

## document.writeln() Same as write(), but adds a newline character after each statement<br />

http://www-db.deis.unibo.it/courses/TW/DOCS/w3schools/jsref/dom_obj_document.asp.html

Commit message:

added all dom related methopdes and attributes ; npm publish

README.md, after:

# dom

simulates the html dom (proxtx/html)

# Done (Stopping Development for now because you can easily operate a dom with these methods and if you really need to do something this implementation isn't capable of you can edit the elementList yourself.)

Dom.getElementById<br />
Dom.getElementsByClassName<br />
Dom.body<br />
Dom.createElement<br />
Dom.createTextNode<br />
Dom.documentElement<br />
<br />
Element.innerText<br />
Element.innerHTML<br />
Element.style.\*<br />
Element.appendChild<br />
Element.children<br />
_Attributes_

# Future Plans:

## Property / Method Description

~~document.activeElement Returns the currently focused element in the document~~<br />
~~document.addEventListener() Attaches an event handler to the document~~<br />

## document.adoptNode() Adopts a node from another document<br />

## document.anchors Returns a collection of all a elements in the document that have a name attribute<br />

## document.applets Returns a collection of all applet elements in the document<br />

~~document.baseURI Returns the absolute base URI of a document~~<br />

## document.body Sets or returns the document's body (the body element)<br />

~~document.close() Closes the output stream previously opened with document.open()~~<br />
~~document.cookie Returns all name/value pairs of cookies in the document~~<br />

## document.createAttribute() Creates an attribute node<br />

~~document.createComment() Creates a Comment node with the specified text~~<br />

## document.createDocumentFragment() Creates an empty DocumentFragment node<br />

## document.createElement() Creates an Element node<br />

## document.createTextNode() Creates a Text node<br />

~~document.doctype Returns the Document Type Declaration associated with the document~~<br />

## document.documentElement Returns the Document Element of the document (the html element)<br />

~~document.documentMode Returns the mode used by the browser to render the document~~<br />
~~document.documentURI Sets or returns the location of the document~~<br />
~~document.domain Returns the domain name of the server that loaded the document~~<br />
~~document.domConfig Obsolete. Returns the DOM configuration of the document~~<br />

## document.embeds Returns a collection of all embed elements the document<br />

## document.forms Returns a collection of all form elements in the document<br />

## document.getElementById() Returns the element that has the ID attribute with the specified value<br />

## document.getElementsByClassName() Returns a NodeList containing all elements with the specified class name<br />

## document.getElementsByName() Returns a NodeList containing all elements with a specified name<br />

## document.getElementsByTagName() Returns a NodeList containing all elements with the specified tag name<br />

~~document.hasFocus() Returns a Boolean value indicating whether the document has focus~~<br />

## document.head Returns the head element of the document<br />

## document.images Returns a collection of all img elements in the document<br />

~~document.implementation Returns the DOMImplementation object that handles this document~~<br />

## document.importNode() Imports a node from another document<br />

## document.inputEncoding Returns the encoding, character set, used for the document<br />

~~document.lastModified Returns the date and time the document was last modified~~<br />

## document.links Returns a collection of all a and area elements in the document that have a href attribute<br />

## document.normalize() Removes empty Text nodes, and joins adjacent nodes<br />

## document.normalizeDocument() Removes empty Text nodes, and joins adjacent nodes<br />

~~document.open() Opens an HTML output stream to collect output from document.write()~~<br />
~~document.querySelector() Returns the first element that matches a specified CSS selector(s) in the document~~<br />
~~document.querySelectorAll() Returns a static NodeList containing all elements that matches a specified CSS selector(s) in the document~~<br />
~~document.readyState Returns the (loading) status of the document~~<br />
~~document.referrer Returns the URL of the document that loaded the current document~~<br />
~~document.removeEventListener() Removes an event handler from the document (that has been attached with the addEventListener() method)~~<br />

## document.renameNode() Renames the specified node<br />

## document.scripts Returns a collection of script elements in the document<br />

~~document.strictErrorChecking Sets or returns whether error-checking is enforced or not~~<br />

## document.title Sets or returns the title of the document<br />

~~document.URL Returns the full URL of the HTML document~~<br />

## document.write() Writes HTML expressions or JavaScript code to a document<br />

## document.writeln() Same as write(), but adds a newline character after each statement<br />

http://www-db.deis.unibo.it/courses/TW/DOCS/w3schools/jsref/dom_obj_document.asp.html
